NMS-8567: PassiveStatusd Daemon Doc (#5164)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/daemons/daemon-config-files/provisiond.adoc

[[ref-daemon-config-files-provisiond]]
= Provisiond

> Handles scanning of requisition data to be xref:operation:provisioning/introduction.adoc[Provisioned] into monitored nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handles scanning of requisition data to xref:operation:provisioning/introduction.adoc[provision] into monitored nodes.
```
